README.md, before:

# ConvertU-CLI  
A simple CLI converter program written in Python
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index 

* [Why ConvertU?](#why-convertu)
* [How to run](#how-to-run) 
   * [MacOS and Linux](#macos-and-linux)
   * [MacOS/Linux Dependancies](#macos-and-linux-dependancies)
   * [Windows](#windows)
* [Notice about using on windows](#notice-about-antivirus-flag-on-windows)






















## Why ConvertU?

- It has a bunch of different units, and very easy to use installer for Linux and MacOS.

- FOSS, You are free to modify, read, distribute the code as outlined in GPL3

- Feel Free to make your own forks of it! Modify however you want you don't have to rely on me

- Very useful on a day to day basis. If you quickly want to convert minutes to seconds, millimetres to metres, etc


## How to run 

## MacOS and Linux Dependancies

<h1>Python</h1>

Install Python and Pip. For instructions, please check the Python <a href="https://python.org/downloads/">Downloads website</a>

<h1>Git</h1>

To git clone of course! 

<h1>Python Installer</h1>

It seems only on arch that there is a bug where you need to install a AUR package called

<a href="https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/python-installer-git">Python-Installer-Git</a>

Also thank you to my good friend <a href="https://github.com/jaamivstheworld">Jaami</a> for pointing this out and helping out ConvertU

## MacOS and Linux
<p>You guys are lucky. You guys have installers. Simply run

```sh
git clone https://github.com/PhotonMastr/ConvertU-CLI
```

and then run

```sh
cd ConvertU-CLI
```

Now, you have to note what shell you're using. IF you know what shell you are using ignore this command but if you do not run this command

```sh
ps -p $$
``` 
it should print out the following...

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1012858210652266597/unknown.png" width="200"/>
now this is where the shell name is 
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1012858388604010626/unknown.png" width="200"/>
IF it prints this 
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1013234044441460736/unknown.png" width="200"/>
that means that you're on fish, don't worry about the error but it is telling you you're on fish shell so in that case use the fish install script!

Once you have all of this noted, simply run 

```sh
chmod +x install-[shell name].sh
```

and then

```sh
./install-[shell name.sh]
```

It will tell you when it is installed. Now that it is installed you can run 

```sh
ConvertU
```

And that's it for MacOS/Linux

 
## Windows 
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c7/Windows_logo_-_2012.png/800px-Windows_logo_-_2012.png" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
Go to the <a href="https://github.com/PhotonMastr/ConvertU-CLI/releases">Releases Page</a>
Click on the text ConvertU-CLI-[version here]-Windows.exe
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1008406894320304178/Screen_Shot_2022-08-14_at_12.08.16_PM.png" width="200"/>
And it should download a file in your Downloads folder. I'm sure if you've used windows before... you know the drill. Double click the file and it just works


## Notice about antivirus flag on windows
<p>I mentioned this on the discord but I think that I should mention it here.
Running ConvertU on Windows is a bit dodgy, allow me to explain
</p>

<p>Everyone's favourite operating system(not really lol) **Windows** seems to think ConvertU-CLI is a virus. Is ConvertU-CLI a virus? No, lol... I still don't really know why it flags it as such but it just does and if you really don't believe me I mean read the source code yourself. Anyways I don't really feel like typing out the instructions on how to get it working with the antivirus blockade but if you wanna know check my discord server which is below!! Thanks lol</p>
<h1> Discord Server </h1>
<p>Wanna be possibly involved in the project, wanna talk to me? Need to ask questions? Well the <a href="https://discord.gg/dKbJVwRfpE">Discord Server</a> is the right place for you</p>

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1000954703653380117/Logo.png" alt="ConvertU" width="100" height="100"/>
<p>ConvertU-CLI</p>
<p>Line count: 1976</p>

Commit message:

Depreciated
ConvertU-CCLI is depreciated please read the note

README.md, after:

# NOTE
ConvertU-CLI is now depreciated, please go to <a href="https://github.com/PhotonMastr/ConvertU-CCLI>ConvertU-CCLI</a> if you want something more up to date




# ConvertU-CLI  
A simple CLI converter program written in Python
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index 

* [Why ConvertU?](#why-convertu)
* [How to run](#how-to-run) 
   * [MacOS and Linux](#macos-and-linux)
   * [MacOS/Linux Dependancies](#macos-and-linux-dependancies)
   * [Windows](#windows)
* [Notice about using on windows](#notice-about-antivirus-flag-on-windows)






















## Why ConvertU?

- It has a bunch of different units, and very easy to use installer for Linux and MacOS.

- FOSS, You are free to modify, read, distribute the code as outlined in GPL3

- Feel Free to make your own forks of it! Modify however you want you don't have to rely on me

- Very useful on a day to day basis. If you quickly want to convert minutes to seconds, millimetres to metres, etc


## How to run 

## MacOS and Linux Dependancies

<h1>Python</h1>

Install Python and Pip. For instructions, please check the Python <a href="https://python.org/downloads/">Downloads website</a>

<h1>Git</h1>

To git clone of course! 

<h1>Python Installer</h1>

It seems only on arch that there is a bug where you need to install a AUR package called

<a href="https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/python-installer-git">Python-Installer-Git</a>

Also thank you to my good friend <a href="https://github.com/jaamivstheworld">Jaami</a> for pointing this out and helping out ConvertU

## MacOS and Linux
<p>You guys are lucky. You guys have installers. Simply run

```sh
git clone https://github.com/PhotonMastr/ConvertU-CLI
```

and then run

```sh
cd ConvertU-CLI
```

Now, you have to note what shell you're using. IF you know what shell you are using ignore this command but if you do not run this command

```sh
ps -p $$
``` 
it should print out the following...

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1012858210652266597/unknown.png" width="200"/>
now this is where the shell name is 
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1012858388604010626/unknown.png" width="200"/>
IF it prints this 
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1013234044441460736/unknown.png" width="200"/>
that means that you're on fish, don't worry about the error but it is telling you you're on fish shell so in that case use the fish install script!

Once you have all of this noted, simply run 

```sh
chmod +x install-[shell name].sh
```

and then

```sh
./install-[shell name.sh]
```

It will tell you when it is installed. Now that it is installed you can run 

```sh
ConvertU
```

And that's it for MacOS/Linux

 
## Windows 
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c7/Windows_logo_-_2012.png/800px-Windows_logo_-_2012.png" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
Go to the <a href="https://github.com/PhotonMastr/ConvertU-CLI/releases">Releases Page</a>
Click on the text ConvertU-CLI-[version here]-Windows.exe
<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1008406894320304178/Screen_Shot_2022-08-14_at_12.08.16_PM.png" width="200"/>
And it should download a file in your Downloads folder. I'm sure if you've used windows before... you know the drill. Double click the file and it just works


## Notice about antivirus flag on windows
<p>I mentioned this on the discord but I think that I should mention it here.
Running ConvertU on Windows is a bit dodgy, allow me to explain
</p>

<p>Everyone's favourite operating system(not really lol) **Windows** seems to think ConvertU-CLI is a virus. Is ConvertU-CLI a virus? No, lol... I still don't really know why it flags it as such but it just does and if you really don't believe me I mean read the source code yourself. Anyways I don't really feel like typing out the instructions on how to get it working with the antivirus blockade but if you wanna know check my discord server which is below!! Thanks lol</p>
<h1> Discord Server </h1>
<p>Wanna be possibly involved in the project, wanna talk to me? Need to ask questions? Well the <a href="https://discord.gg/dKbJVwRfpE">Discord Server</a> is the right place for you</p>

<img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/655147160190320651/1000954703653380117/Logo.png" alt="ConvertU" width="100" height="100"/>
<p>ConvertU-CLI</p>
<p>Line count: 1976</p>
